Description

A combining of data from 23 Water Level and Flow monitoring stations from water areas in Alberta that directly influence the Water Level and Flow of the North Saskatchewan River.

A combination of data from 3 Water Level and Flow monitoring stations from water areas in Albert that directly influence the Water Level and Flow of the Sturgeon River.

This data is sourced from the Government of Alberta website and as such the Government of Alberta's disclaimer covers this data.

Government of Alberta Disclaimer:

Data provided through this web app is provisional and preliminary in nature. Data is automatically generated by remote equipment that may not be under control of the Government of Alberta. This data has not been reviewed or edited for accuracy and may be subject to significant change when reviewed or corrected. Please exercise caution and carefully consider the provisional nature of the information provided. The Government of Alberta assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of this data and any use of it is therefore, entirely at your own risk.

Additional Government of Alberta "Provisional Data Disclaimer":

Alberta Environment routinely collects real-time hydrometeorological data from meteorological and stream gauges using telephone and communications satellites to support its water resources management activities. These gauges are owned and operated by different organizations and partners outside the Alberta Government.

Near Real-Time data provided at this site are provisional and preliminary in nature. They are automatically generated by remote equipment that may not be under Alberta Government control and have not been reviewed or edited for accuracy. These data may be subject to significant change when manually reviewed and corrected.

The accuracy of the data can be affected by many factors including:

- malfunction of recording equipment

- algal and aquatic growth in the stream which affects the stage-discharge relationship

- backwater from ice or debris such as log jams

- changes to the stream bed geometry

Please exercise caution and carefully consider the provisional nature of the information provided. The Government of Alberta assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of these data and any use of them is entirely at your own risk. “


Columns

Row ID	
A unique ID that combines the Station Number and the time stamp of the data recording. Done to ensure data does not get duplicated.
Plain Text
	
Station Number	
The unique identifier for the monitoring station.
Plain Text
	
Station Description	
The description of where the monitoring station is located.
Plain Text
	
Latitude	
The latitude value for the monitoring station's location.
Number
	
Longitude	
The longitude value for the monitoring station's location.
Number
	
Station Location	
The latitude/longitude values for the monitoring station's location (used for mapping purposes).
Location
	
Date and Time	
The date and time of the levels and flows reading.
Date & Time
	
Water Level (m)	
The water level reading (in meters). A value of -1 indicates that the monitoring station did not successfully record a reading.
Number
	
Water Flow (cu meter per sec)	
The water flow reading (in cubic meters per second). A value of -1 indicates that the monitoring station did not successfully record a reading.
Number