Description

Under Licence By-Law No.4450, a valid business licence is required in order to operate a business in the City of Vancouver. A business licence can be obtained from the City's Licence Office and is valid for the remainder of the calendar year unless stated otherwise.

This dataset includes business licence records from 2013 to current year. See separate dataset, Business licences 1997 to 2012 for earlier records.
Note

Effective April 12, 2018, the business license dataset, including historical data files from 1997 forward to the current year, has been updated for home-based businesses. The City has removed the business address from the home-based business license category.
Data currency

The extract for business licences of the current year is updated daily.

The extracts for business licences of prior years are static with the exception of the immediate past 2 years, which are updated monthly.
Data accuracy

There is a small chance that a licence number has been used twice. Licence RSN is an unique identifier.

Business licences issued to out of town (outside of City of Vancouver) addresses do not have coordinates and will not show up on the map. Not all City of Vancouver addresses have coordinates.

A small percentage of businesses are issued with a replacement licence in a displayed year due to changes or when business type names were retired during mid-year.

Address data of some selected business types was not disclosed to provide privacy protection.

Liquor License Application business type does not have Issued Date or Expired Date information because it is interim application for a valid business licence.

There may be some loss of quality from data entry errors.

Columns

FOLDERYEAR
First two characters of the Business Licence Number, representing the year issued

LicenceRSN
Unique identifier for each business licence generated by the system

LicenceNumber
This is a 9 character field consisting of a two digit number indicating the year issued followed by a hyphen and a six digit system-generated number. Note: There is a small chance that a licence number can be reused more than once within a given year. LicenceRSN is an unique identifier.

LicenceRevisionNumber
A 2 digit field generated by the system that represents the licence version. Note: 00 means the original version and this number increases as new 			revisions  are created.

BusinessName
The ownership of the business

BusinessTradeName
Name under which business is usually conducted

Status		
Current status of the business licence, as follows: 
	i) Cancelled: Licence is cancelled due to various reasons
	ii) GOB: Gone Out of Business. A business is no longer operating 
	iii) Inactive: Licence is no longer active 
	iv) Issued: Licence is issued with no status change (e.g., GOB) for the displayed year or the review of a Liquor licence application is completed 
	v) Pending: Licence is in an application, incomplete or under review stage for the displayed year (e.g., pending approval, renewal, payment, under review)

IssuedDate
The date when the business licence is issued and printed. 

ExpiredDate
The date that the business licence expires. Most licences expire on December 31st.

BusinessTyp
Description of the business activity, usually in accordance with the definition in the Licence By-Law No. 4450; Note: Business type names that have a notation of *Historic* at the end signify retired business licence types. These are business licence types that were once 		active but have since been retired. Due to privacy concern, some business types do 		not have address data.

BusinessSubType
Sub-category(s) of the main business type; Note: business sub type names that have a notation of *Historic* at the end 		signified retired business licence sub types. These are business licence sub types 		that were once active but have since been retired

Unit
Official space identifier for a building. This is an alphanumeric field.

UnitType
Description of a location other than a house or building with a simple street address where the business is located. i.e., Block, Suite, Apartment (Apt.), etc.

House	
The number assigned to an address where the business is located.

Street	
The name of the street where the business is located.

City
Name of the municipality where the business is located

Province
Name of the province or state where the business is located

Country	
A two-character field that signifies the name of the country where the business is located (CA is Canada). 

PostalCode
A series of letters and/or digits that is attached to the address of a business

LocalArea
Manual selection from data custodian in source system. The City has 22 local areas (also known as local planning areas); for more details, see the Local area boundary 		dataset.

NumberofEmployees
Number of staff employed with the business; Note: 0 means information received from applicant indicates the business does not have any employees. 000 means information unknown.

FeePaid
Total amount of licence fee paid in Canadian dollars; Note: This field will be blank if the information is unavailable or unspecified.

ExtractDate
Date when data was extracted from source data system.

Geom
Spatial representation of feature
